com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/ui/notifications/NotificationsFragment.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$1
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/ui/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/data/model/LoggedInUser.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.data.model.LoggedInUser
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/ui/exchange/ExchangeFragment.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.exchange.ExchangeFragment
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.exchange.ExchangeFragment$1
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/data/LoginDataSource.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.data.LoginDataSource
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$1
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/ui/wallet/WalletViewModel.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.wallet.WalletViewModel
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/ui/login/LoginResult.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.login.LoginResult
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/ui/notifications/NotificationsViewModel.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.notifications.NotificationsViewModel
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/ui/login/LoggedInUserView.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.login.LoggedInUserView
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.BuildConfig
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/ui/login/LoginViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.login.LoginViewModelFactory
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/data/LoginRepository.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.data.LoginRepository
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/ui/wallet/WalletFragment.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.wallet.WalletFragment
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.wallet.WalletFragment$1
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/ui/exchange/ExchangeViewModel.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.exchange.ExchangeViewModel
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/ui/login/LoginFormState.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.login.LoginFormState
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/data/Result.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.data.Result
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.data.Result$1
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.data.Result$Error
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.data.Result$Success
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/MainActivity.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.MainActivity
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/databinding/Temp1Binding.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.databinding.Temp1Binding
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/databinding/FragmentNotificationsBinding.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.databinding.FragmentNotificationsBinding
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/databinding/FragmentWalletBinding.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.databinding.FragmentWalletBinding
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/databinding/FragmentExchangeBinding.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.databinding.FragmentExchangeBinding
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/ui/login/LoginViewModel.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.login.LoginViewModel
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/ui/login/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.login.LoginActivity
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.login.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.login.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.login.LoginActivity$3
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.login.LoginActivity$4
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.ui.login.LoginActivity$5
com/example/wallet_bottom_nav_2/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.wallet_bottom_nav_2.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
